HOSTEDCP-1184: Document IPv6/IPv4/DualStack deployments for Hypershift in Baremetal (#3008)
openshift/hypershift: docs/content/how-to/mce/Dual/hostedcluster/index.md

> A Hosted Cluster as the documentation [mentioned here](https://hypershift-docs.netlify.app/reference/concepts-and-personas/) it's just an OCP API endpoint managed by Hypershift but we will include also the term called HostedControlPlane in this concept to be more readable and easy to understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Hosted Cluster, as the documentation [mentions here](https://hypershift-docs.netlify.app/reference/concepts-and-personas/), is just an OCP API endpoint managed by Hypershift, but we will include also the term, _HostedControlPlane_, in this concept to be more readable and easy to understand.
```

Author: Humm I'm trying to not repeat things already has been documented in other section of the website. I want to put something like:

```
 Hosted Cluster, as mentioned in the documentation [here](https://hypershift-docs.netlify.app/reference/concepts-and-personas/), is essentially an OCP API endpoint managed by Hypershift. In this context, we will also include the term HostedControlPlane to enhance readability and comprehension. This terminology is further explained in the same [link](https://hypershift-docs.netlify.app/reference/concepts-and-personas/).
```

> The Hosted Cluster contains 2 parts, the Control Plane which runs in the management cluster as pods and the Data plane which are running in external nodes managed by the end user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hosted Cluster contains 2 parts:
1.  the Control Plane which runs in the management cluster as pods 
2. the Data plane which runs in external nodes managed by the end user
```
